[#58115] 14.6 Documentation: Split content of Admin/Design page into … (#16851)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/design/README.md

Navigate to *Administration* -> *Design* in order to customize your OpenProject theme and logo.

The design page provides several options to customize your OpenProject Enterprise edition, grouped under three tabs, **Interface, Branding, PDF export styles**. You can [choose a color theme](#choose-a-color-theme) under any of these tabs. 

> Under **Interface** you can also set [the interface colors](#interface-colors) to configure **custom colors** to adjust nearly any aspect of OpenProject, such  as the color of the header and side menu, the link color and the hover color.

Reviewer: I would change this a little since the goal is to reduce the number of options for the user; in the future, we'll go towards asking the user for just one or two colours and automatically generate a theme based on those. Suggestion: 

> Under **Interface**, you can also choose [custom colors](#interface-colors) for elements of the interface such as the primary link colour, secondary accent colour, the background of the top navigation header and the main menu.

> Under **Interface** you can also set [the interface colors](#interface-colors) to configure **custom colors** to adjust nearly any aspect of OpenProject, such  as the color of the header and side menu, the link color and the hover color.

Author: ```suggestion
Under **Interface** you can also choose [custom colors](#interface-colors) for elements of the interface such as the primary link colour, secondary accent colour, the background of the top navigation header and the main menu.
```

![Design interface settings in OpenProject adminstration](openproject_system_guide_design_interface.png)

Under the **Branding** tab you can also [upload a custom logo](#upload-a-custom-logo) to replace the default OpenProject logo, [set a custom favicon](#set-a-custom-favicon), which is shown as an icon in your browser window/tab, and [upload a custom touch icon](#set-a-custom-touch-icon), which is shown on your smartphone or tablet when you bookmark OpenProject on your home screen.

![Branding settings in OpenProject administration](openproject_system_guide_design_branding.png)

Under **PDF export settings** you can set the preferences for [exporting work packages in a PDF format](../../user-guide/work-packages/exporting/#pdf-export).

![PDF export styles settings in OpenProject administration](openproject_system_guide_design_pdf_export_styles.png)

## Choose a color theme

You can choose between the three default color themes for OpenProject:

* OpenProject

> * OpenProject Gray (earlier called OpenProject Light)

Author: ```suggestion
* OpenProject Gray (previously called OpenProject Light)
```

> * OpenProject Navy Blue (earlier called OpenProject Dark)

Reviewer: Maybe replace "earlier" with "previously"?

> * OpenProject Navy Blue (earlier called OpenProject Dark)

Author: ```suggestion
* OpenProject Navy Blue (previously called OpenProject Dark)
```

When you bookmark your OpenProject environment’s URL, you will see that the uploaded icon is used as a custom touch icon.

## Interface colors

Aside from uploading logos and icons, you can also customize the colors used within your OpenProject environment.

> To do this change the color values (entered as color hex code) under *Interface* tab. In order to find the right hex code for a color, you can use a website, such as [color-hex.com](https://www.color-hex.com/).

Reviewer: Suggestion (this website makes it easier to just pick a colour from a basic picker):

> To do this, enter the hex value for any color you would like to change. You can use a website like [htmlcolorcodes.com](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-picker/) to help you find the perfect color.

> To do this change the color values (entered as color hex code) under *Interface* tab. In order to find the right hex code for a color, you can use a website, such as [color-hex.com](https://www.color-hex.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
To do this, enter the hex value for any color you would like to change. You can use a website like [htmlcolorcodes.com](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-picker/) to help you find the perfect color.
```
